Add Uninstall Instructions for Teleport Connect (#23607)
gravitational/teleport: docs/pages/connect-your-client/teleport-connect.mdx

````
</TabItem>
</Tabs>

> ## Uninstall Teleport Connect

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Uninstalling Teleport Connect
```
To match the language of the other H2s

<Tabs>
<TabItem label="macOS">

> Remove Teleport Connect for MacOS from the Applications with this command.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Remove Teleport Connect for MacOS from the Applications directory with this command:
```

```code
$ sudo rm -f /Applications/Teleport\ Connect.app
```

</TabItem>
<TabItem label="Windows">

(!docs/pages/includes/uninstall-teleport-connect-windows.mdx!)

</TabItem>
<TabItem label="Linux">

For DEB installations uninstall Teleport Connect using APT:

```code

> sudo apt remove teleport-connect

Reviewer: ```suggestion
$ sudo apt remove teleport-connect
```

```

For RPM installations uninstall Teleport Connect using YUM:

```code
sudo yum remove teleport-connect
```

> Installs that used the tarball download and extraction should remove the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Installs based on a tarball should remove the
```
